DOCS-2654 iOS Monitoring Advanced Configuration Edits (#646)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/rum_collection/advanced_configuration.md

## Track custom global attributes

In addition to the [default RUM attributes][11] captured by the mobile SDK automatically, you can choose to add additional contextual information, such as custom attributes, to your RUM events to enrich your observability within Datadog. 

> Custom attributes allow you to slice and dice information about observed user behavior (such as cart value, merchant tier, or ad campaign) with code-level information (such as backend services, session timeline, error logs, and network health).

Author: ```suggestion
Custom attributes allow you to filter and group information about observed user behavior (such as cart value, merchant tier, or ad campaign) with code-level information (such as backend services, session timeline, error logs, and network health).
```

### Set a custom global attribute

To set a custom global attribute, use `Global.rum.addAttribute()`.

> * To add an attribute, set `rumMonitor.setAttribute(forKey: "some key", value: "some value")`.
> * To update the value, set `rumMonitor.setAttribute(forKey: "some key", value: "some other value")`.
> * To remove the key, set `rumMonitor.setAttribute(forKey: "some key", value: nil)`.
> * To return global attributes and add to events, set `let globalAttrs = rumMonitor.attributes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To add an attribute, use `Global.rum.setAttribute(forKey: "some key", value: "some value")`.
* To update the value, use `Global.rum.setAttribute(forKey: "some key", value: "some other value")`.
* To remove the key, use `Global.rum.removeAttribute(forKey: "some key")`.
```
Because `Global.rum` is served from SDK, whereas `rumMonitor` would be some custom variable made by the user.

Also, attributes are removed with `removeAttribute(forKey:)` and we have no way to return attributes (think: users know all attributes they set).
